Modularize, update, and enhance user focus of the "Architecture" part of Planning_for_Project (#2607)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_api-overview.adoc

Reviewer: @asteflova @jafiala Please comment on the PR, not individual commits if possible. Commits become unreachable when rebasing or rewriting the history in other ways. When I click on the notificiation, I get this "warning" from Github: 

![image](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/assets/12595287/1a67377e-6137-4712-8694-8c5b946a82f5)

Reviewing commit by commit however is generally a really smart way!

[id="API-Overview_{context}"]

> = API Overview

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= {Project} API Overview
```

You can write custom scripts and external applications that access the {Project} API over HTTP with the Representational State Transfer (REST) API provided by {ProjectServer}.
Use the REST API to integrate with enterprise IT systems and third-party applications, perform automated maintenance or error checking tasks, and automate repetitive tasks with scripts. 

Using the REST API has the following benefits:

* Configure any programming language, framework, or system with support for HTTP protocol to use the API.
* Create client applications that require minimal knowledge of the {Project} infrastructure because users discover many details at runtime.
* Adopt the resource-based REST model for intuitively managing a virtualization platform.

Scripts based on API commands communicate directly with the {Project} API, which makes them faster than scripts based on Hammer commands or Ansible playbooks relying on modules within {ansible-namespace}.

IMPORTANT: API commands differ between versions of {Project}.

> When you prepare to upgrade {ProjectServer}, update any scripts that contain {Project} API commands.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you prepare to upgrade {ProjectServer}, update all the scripts that contain {Project} API commands.
```
No?
